# machineJobScheduler

This program assigns the maximum number of jobs to a given number of machines. The user enters a txt file specifying the number of jobs, the number of machines, and the start and finish times associated with the jobs. The program will output a text file with the number of jobs it was able to schedule along with the scheduled Job Numbers in line with the machine it was assigned to.

# Execution
The program reads the input file, extracts the number of machines the user specifies, and stores the given jobs in a stack with JobNumber, start time, and finish time. It then sorts that stack by finish time. We have a multidimensional arraylist to store the schedule with rows equal to the number fo machines. The jobs are then ran through the greedy algorithm where a job is either added to the schedule if it is compatible or deleted otherwise. The algorithm adds a job to the schedule if that job's start time is greater than or equal to the finish time on a machine's last job. If not, it will add the job to the next vacant machine. If none exist, that job is popped from the stack. The final product of the algorithm is a multidimensional arraylist containing Job objects. The last step is outputting our schedule into a text file. We output the number jobs we were able to schedule on the first line. Each following row correspond to a machine, where the Job Numbers from our scheduled jobs are output in the order of their scheduling. The file is output as Output.txt into the folder where the program is stored.
